Terrell Audio.
Hello Houston!
Parment Town is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage your Mayor of Houston
and our guests.
Now in session, please welcome to the stage your Mayor of Houston
and of Parment Town, Dan Harmon!
Thank you Houston. Maybe I should use this one. Should I use this one?
The wireless one? Thank you.
Do I have to tap it or swipe it?
Is it like a Google microphone?
Boy, what a fuck up of a starter show.
The auxiliary cable wasn't in. Thank you Houston, Texas!
Dan, guess what the first word said
when the moon was?
Probably Houston, right?
Even the people on the moon got the city right.
That guy shouting out from the audience
is referring to a fact that could have otherwise been lost
to the ages.
I'm so intelligent, sir.
The Woodward and Bernstein of the fucking Houston show
that during the Q&A that preceded the show
having driven three hours from Austin to Houston
thoroughly enamored with every city in Texas as I always am.
Particularly ones with Alamo Draft Houses.
I referred to Houston as Austin.
It was the equivalent of an 80's sex comedy.
I just called out a different lover's name.
I love you both. I love Houston even more.
There's a lady in the front
that cannot or she is compelled to remind us that we are in Katie.
We are technically in Katie.
I imagine it's like, I'm from Brown Deer, Wisconsin.
I'm sure Katie is like, it's a suburb of Houston, right?
No one wants to feel like they're in Katie.
Clearly, Katie was...
Whoever capable of calling this area something other than Houston was a giant asshole
that was either dodging taxes
or exploiting workers.
I don't know what the history is, but no one's going to call this place Katie.
I swear to God, I promise we're in Houston.
And sometimes Austin, if you get me drunk enough.
Alright, Houston, Texas. Some trivia about Houston, Texas. Aaron?
Yes. The typewriter was invented here.
Did you know that?
By Neil Armstrong?
He got off of the rocket ship and he was like,
Houston, we need a device.
I can use to write a letter to tell you we don't have a problem.
The moon looks great. I can't wait to get back to Houston.
Guest Comptroller Erin McGathy, everybody.
Wes Anderson is from Houston, which I found very surprising.
Lance Hendrickson? Wes Anderson.
I thought I was all excited.
Lance Hendrickson, holy shit. That's awesome.
Alright, fine.
He's not here, is he?
Yeah, he's in this podium. He's in an adorable pink
hand-drawn diorama.
Is it twee? It's very twee.
Alright, you cool? You look very nice tonight.
Thank you.
We'll edit all this out. People are listening.
I just started cutting the carrots for my salad. Hurry up. Do your show.
Now it's a segment called Shadow Puppet Theater.
For those of you listening, there's an amazing Shadow Puppet.
Facts about Houston.
It's on the Houston River, which runs from
Dallas to the Gulf of Mexico.
Houston was a port city founded by travelers who
were selling pelts and spices to
the Houstonina Indians of
Texas. This is reading like the shittiest fifth grade book report
right now. Alright, Dan, I know that you prepared this
right before class, but go ahead. What would become Houston, Texas,
began as a cowboy hat store
next to a cattle trough where you could
slake your livestock's thirst or fit it with a custom hat.
As soon after that, the local barber
moved in. Back then, a lot of people don't know this, barbers were also
the police and dentists.
There was a famous shootout here at the Houston Corral
between a cow that didn't get his hat fitted properly
and a dentist that thought he was in charge of
the law.
I was just curious were the barbers
and the dentists, were they carrying instruments
true to their profession or did they have guns like cops?
A typical Houston dentist in 1900, which was when the city
was founded, would have
as a deputy or sheriff, they would have a gun
where a six gun on their hip and a big hat made next door.
But as a dentist, they would have the dental tools as well
and there's a lot of famous stories. Billy the Kid
he's famous for shooting 59 people
47 of those are Houston dentists
and it's not because he was quicker on the draw, it's because they forgot
they were on the clock and they drew like a pick instead of a gun.
It's a simple mistake. They were actually better cowboys than Billy the Kid
he wasn't that big a deal, he just spent a lot of time in Houston
shooting innocent dentists. Innocent, talented
wonderful law abiding, quicker on the draw dentist who made a simple fuck
up and paid for it with their lives and were reduced to footnotes
in the history of some asshole who preyed on dentists.
Houston exists in the shadows of egomaniacs,
tyrants, liars, politicians, vampires
they sit here, they weather the storm, Houston that's why
the first mayor of Houston, Richard Dawson
called Houston the city
on the verge. That's what it's called
and you can see it on its license plates. Houston has its own license plates
it's the only city in Texas to have its own license plates
as of 1983.
I heard that you know about the infamous
Houston underground, the society under the city
can you tell us about that? Houston is famous for
having a city underneath itself called Houston
because it gets really hot here in the summer
and if you need to get your hair cut you could die just walking
from your house to get your hair cut. So they have adopted the practice
that moles and ants before them have adopted of staying underground
to stay cool. It's no big deal. Don't shame them
for it, they're an underground people.
It's controversial because they're taking up a lot of the city's resources.
Well the controversy is actually that they cheat
a lot of Houston is actually in
Arizona. Yeah I've heard that.
Because they do this weird measuring thing where you can only
technically if you're measuring property you have to do it above ground
and so they cheat and actually Houston is
30,000 miles in diameter and a lot of it exists
under Las Vegas and Phoenix
and they use it as a tax dodge and
it's a big problem but it's sensitive and you can hear these people
you can hear, I think you can hear their silence and their murmuring
it's because they're sensitive about it. They know
they know that Houston is guilty of this but
at the same time they profit from it. Totally. I heard that all the
highways in Houston were built by Beyonce's dad?
That's correct. Heinrich Knowles
the third. He was a
former Nazi sympathizer turned
1940's Houston engineer. He was
at the forefront of the automotive revolution. He designed a lot of
what we call today's highway system. He started in Houston. It was a sort of a
guinea pig city. Yes, yes, yes. Again you're shaming them and they don't deserve it.
They're a good city. They've done a lot of good for a lot of people and you're bringing up the terrible things
that they're mole people who were founded by a Nazi.
Because obviously Houston is infamous for
danger and mystery and intrigue. I have so many questions
and because I know that you know so much about it.
The typewriter was invented here. It's like focus on the positive.
This is the first city to ever elect a three legged
governor. It was the first city to elect
a governor. They
rose above the tyranny. There used to be a rule that if you were a city you couldn't
elect a governor. They used to tell you you have to elect a mayor.
It's fucking horse shit. Houston broke that wall
down. Houston said no, we want a governor. And he's going to have three legs.
It's all lost to history. Now you look it up and it just says some
crap about mission control. It's just garbage.
It's a bunch of big NASA politics. Yeah, as
somebody who's planning on going to the moon, I mean you're kind of
this is a really important city. This is our
the United States elevator to the moon. I'm not using it.
We're not going to start. I mean it's too
yeah. Have you heard about the, you said moon elevator.
You guys know about the elevator
principle? Like somebody was telling me about this one.
This sounds like breaking news.
Do you have a sound cue?
No.
This sounds like breaking news.
Alright, yeah.
Yeah, there's, I'm going to get this very wrong, but
there's
there's this principle that rocketeers I think
they're called in space engineers are like talking about where it's
actually might be actually practical scientifically
rather than launching things to and from the moon
to that we should build a space elevator. Because
the physics work out that once the gravity is a problem when you're
building like towers and shit, but if you commit and actually build
a tower tall enough it gets out into space and then of course
the opposite effect is happening out in space and it's like you can actually
just make this like metal noodle connecting the earth to the moon
or maybe just the earth maybe not to the moon because I think that would bend and break it.
I don't think you should connect anything between the earth and the moon.
But like to build like a space elevator that takes you out into space
rather than a rocket that you would just I mean you know and hey let me tell
you I hope nobody farts in that thing because that's a
that's all that's all that's a 27 minute ride minimum.
This has been moon news.
Dustin could I have it so I can just play the
cue whenever I need to play. I have several cues that I'm
very proud of and can you tell me can you hint to
me the kinds of things that you have music for so I can bend the show.
I think you'll tell me not to do it. No.
Can I get a drink? Can I get a tequila?
Jesus. Here we go.
This has been moon news.
What do you want scoops? You want a vodka?
No I want tequila because I quit vodka.
Oh your health kick. Okay give her tequila.
I want to
I want to meet one friend from
Houston. Just a random person.
There's people who are calling. There's random Randy here?
Well I can't no I see Minecraft disqualifies you immediately. People would kill themselves
if I started talking about Minecraft.
There's a teacher.
What's that? Asian guy. That goes a long way.
Physicist I heard.
Community college.
Does anyone have a full glass of tequila?
Someone's working on that for you don't worry about that. Just got married.
Let's get the guy who just got married. Okay who's the guy that just got married?
Is that Tom Gray?
Tom Gray come on down.
Tom Gray is wearing a
tasteful heather sweater. He is walking with confidence
but not with arrogance.
Someone called out that's not random. Good point. I know his name for some reason.
Tom here's the thing. Your wife is the best
wife in the world. She tried to put the fix in. Here grab any
mic that you want. She talked to me while you were taking your shit
and said make me the best wife in the world. Bring my
loving husband that I'm married to for a week up on stage somehow.
I was prepared to do that. What she didn't know is that you would be like bring me up!
She probably knew that. Well she's a good wife.
Give her those points in spite of your
zeal. It's been seven days. So when you're married for a week
what's it like? It's been good.
We've been together a very long time so I was
curious to see if anything would change and nothing seems to have changed.
How long have you been together?
How long? I don't want to get it wrong.
Eight years she says. She's got this. She's wrong actually. It's longer.
So we've known each other since middle school. They did in high school.
Someone in the audience was horrified.
Did you guys go to prom together?
Somebody reacted to you saying you met your wife in middle school as if
you said you got bit by a brown recluse.
And lost your leg. Yeah that wasn't good.
No she wouldn't go to prom with me actually. She didn't want to go to prom.
We were one of those couples that said we're not going to go to prom.
Do you still feel good about that decision?
I've gone back and forth. That's a weird question for me to ask.
Am I allowed to pry Tom since we have you up here? It's a personal show.
Tell me if you don't bully her.
You don't have to answer anything you don't want to answer but I'm going to ask whatever I want to ask.
If you met your wife, I think the reason that guy said Jesus Christ
is because when you met the woman that you ended up marrying
you were so young that she might have been the eighth woman you met.
So the question is
how much field playing did you do before you
committed to your fantasy football?
I know less about football than you do.
You couldn't tell from my metaphor. Trust me that metaphor sucked.
I think that's it.
I'm from a very small town in Wisconsin.
There's at least two couples I could name that were
couples when we were in high school and at my 20 year reunion we're all 40.
Two of them are still
married couples and they have kids that are old enough
to be here at the show. I think the question on everyone's mind
is what are we doing? What are any of us doing? If it's possible for you to meet
the love of your life when you're a child, does that
mean that everyone's full of shit? Or does that mean
that the people in question are really lucky? What is the truth? There's seven
billion of us on this earth. Are we really
keys and tumblers? Why is the divorce rate
now like a million percent whereas in
caveman times it was zero percent? Is it just because we were brutal
people and made marriage? I'm laying a lot of shit on you.
Let me bring it back to your area.
If I was Howard Stern the way I would pose my question is how many
people have you had sex with?
I actually preferred your first question. Howard Stern question.
The answer to that question would be one. Your wife
lost your virginity to her and you guys like, I mean that's a beautiful thing.
I think that's a system that works.
We'll see.
There's a group of children
outside that agree. They're happy about it. They're playing hopscotch
and they're high-fiving you on your almost Mormon-like
life.
You guys met in junior high. You met when
it was actually illegal for either of you to
do anything sexually. You grew into sexual adults.
You did it with each other. You took a vow
to only do it with each other forever. Now you are one week into
that and you're saying nothing's changed.
What do you think? What do you think the odds are?
Society says 70% chance of divorce.
Is that another Howard Stern question?
I actually don't know a question.
I think it's just people are fascinated with this stuff because we want to know, are we allowed to be
romantic? Are we allowed to be pie-eyed?
Are we allowed to not be cynical? Because sometimes
that could be the biggest mistake you ever make. I always think
when we watch romantic comedies, we actually poison ourselves
because then we take that into our relationships and relationships can actually be so much more
romantic if we actually allow ourselves to be human and not like these characters that are played by
Matthew McConaughey and Meg Ryan and whatnot. We're watching
90-minute little stories about how romance is this and romance
is that when marriage is a completely different thing. On one hand, naivete
can be one of the worst things in the world and on the other hand, it's truly a
resource that we've squandered in this country. We don't have it anymore.
The idea that, oh, I just love you, fuck it. Let's just be together forever.
I don't have a question for you. I think that people in the audience want to know
as they want to know from Neil Armstrong what's it like to land on the moon.
They want to know from somebody who hasn't fucked anybody other than their wife.
How are you going to do that?
It sounds like Dan's panicking.
We get married in a few weeks. We get married in three weeks. He's like, what do you do?
What if he's the wrong tumbler and then you're like, oh god, kill myself and then
you're doing all these shows, you have a documentary about you and I was like, how do you tell your parents?
I'm 41.
Aaron and I, we don't have that.
I am
settling down with Aaron at the perfect time. I have met the love of my
life and I also coincidentally,
I suffer no illusion that I would ever even be
thinking about what would life bring me
if I didn't do this, but you seem like a young strapping man
here in the prime of your life. My god,
I bet your dick could cut glass.
I just always felt like I would be a really bad single person.
Oh god, yeah.
Can you relate to that?
It just seems like the alternative is always worse.
Ah, romance.
Boy.
You're so right about romantic comedies and we've talked about this before.
Romantic comedies peddle this idea that's not real
that partners are looking for apartments
but those apartments are already furnished, so you go into an apartment
and you're like, ah, I could live here and then you're like, ah, I don't know, I don't like these
mirrors on the wall. I'm not into this, but I think the way that relationships really
work is that you go into a space that's unfurnished
and the furnishing is the relationship that you build together.
So you walk into a space and you're now like, ah, I don't like it, but it has to be a space
like in the part of town that you like, in the city that
you like, I'm going to keep on going with this metaphor.
Yes, this apartment I could build, I could live here and then together
you furnish it, but romantic comedies
there's this idea that you're living in the apartment and then you look across the way
into another apartment and you're like, oh my god, no, that's where I'm supposed to live.
But no, you don't just get all that. That's not what a relationship is.
Grass is always greener. Is that what you're saying?
Not necessarily. Yes, romantic comedies. That's
certainly an idea in romantic comedies, but it's just like any valuable
relationship. The important stuff I think is stuff that you build together
and the stuff that's most romantic for me with me and Dan
is when we have like a breakthrough
together as a couple. The most romantic thing is when we work
through something. That really means something.
Romcom's like any other movie treat romantic relationships like any
relationship they do, but we don't notice as much between Han Solo and Luke Skywalker
as we do between the couple in
Sleepless in Seattle. The characters in movies have to be
dimensionalized. They have to be complete as individuals and then
they have to kind of match up perfectly and then they have to walk away
at the end of Casablanca saying, I think this is the start of a beautiful
friendship and you have to go, oh my god, I love that guy. I also love that guy.
They're going to make a perfect couple. This is going to be great. That's how we approach
romance in Romcom's when the truth is a relationship is actually
a very codependent thing where you're like, you have a
if your relationship is going to have life, you're going to be creating a new
thing. Who cares?
Annie Hall is so genius because it captures this romance
and there's this great romance, but it ends. There's romance
and then there are relationships and both should intertwine,
but not every romance should be a relationship.
You can stay in an apartment for a night
like an Airbnb, but you don't
rent it. Do you fight with your wife
Tom? You've been married. Do you
yell? Do you go like, shut the fuck up!
You're a terrible person. Are you explaining what yelling is?
I want to know what the definition of yelling is because I'm always
curious about that too. How ugly does it get? Is there a cap that other couples
have? It's probably about the same as any average couple.
It's like the Kinsey thing.
We don't know what average couples
do. There's no like, we don't
people say like, oh yeah, I had a fight with my girlfriend last night. We don't really know what that means.
We have lines that we draw. It's like,
did you touch her? No, okay. No, no, I don't do that.
It's like, how mean do you get when you fight with your lover?
I say terrible things. I get so mad
and I say awful things and then we
we're going to couples therapy now and I'm finding out
I don't have to say those things. That's not standing between me and
happiness. I'm just being, and I
apologize to my dad if he's still listening, but I am just being my dad in those moments.
I'm possessed by some ghost.
You didn't buy toothpaste. Why am I having a reaction to that?
It's an actual thing. The toothpaste fight.
I don't know how you would answer this question honestly, but I'm just
really curious how a nice fellow like you, your
shirt looks like a nicely pressed picnic blanket.
Your pants are clean.
I bet if I sniffed you, I wouldn't vomit. Your shoes look
nice. Your wife came up to me. Your hair is
cut. Your face is smooth. You're a nice young
man. You're very nice looking. Your wife is
very nice. You guys look nice together. You've been married a week.
She came up. You were in the bathroom. She's like, I want to be a good wife to my husband.
I want you to make him happy. You guys are adorable. It's like
Parks and Rec obnoxious.
I want to know who the fights are. Does Parks and Rec at night
get community? Does it go like, fuck you.
I don't know how you can answer that because you're such a nice
guy. You validate our relationship.
First of all, on the clothing and the way she looks and everything, we're 25.
We've had 15 weddings to go to this year. We literally came
from a wedding to come here. That's why I'm dressed like this. We drove from a wedding
to this. I'm hoping it's our last wedding of this year.
25. Well, maybe it's different in Texas.
If you're 25, your wedding attendance just
started. It's going to double every year for the next 10 years.
By the time you're 35, you're going to have a wedding. That means by
my calculations, you're going to be at three weddings a day.
Because it doesn't even really kick in until your friends
are 30. As for the fighting, I guess
we actually went to different colleges and did long distance for four years.
A lot of my fighting
memories, I guess, would be over the phone. I feel like that was where
our fighting got the ugliest. We don't fight a lot. We really don't.
I always feel like I hated arguing on the phone. I really don't even like talking
on the phone, which is not good for a long distance relationship.
That's the only way you can really communicate or the Skype and things like that.
I hated, because she's the type that when we argue on the phone, she'll
hang up. Then I call her back and she won't pick up. Then I'll call her back and she won't
pick up. That was always messy. When you first brought that up, that's the
first thing I think about is I hate any kind of argument over the phone.
Is she hanging up because
you're getting overheated? Or is she hanging up because she's like... Yeah, usually I'm being an asshole
or something like that. She'll just get the little DDD from the iPhone.
Oh, there she goes.
You guys sound tame.
I just feel like I don't throw the phone at her or anything like that.
I don't throw anything at Aaron. I just feel like a Marvel character.
This is the way I talk to him sometimes.
If you guys found that
any kind of arguing or anything, since you've gotten engaged in
sort of wedding planning, I noticed that the closer we got to the
wedding, I expected it to get more...
It's actually different. I expected it to get more stressful, but we actually got
more and more excited about it.
You're a mutant.
Okay, sorry. No, we both self-destructed.
I air everything about Aaron that
drives me nuts and everything about me that drives her nuts. We
doubled down because we're coming up with a wedding. We're both unconsciously
going like, we're gonna marry each other, better get used to this!
Just continue your...
Don't act like it's
my fault that music doesn't match what's going on.
She placed random...
You were being Southern.
No, I was not being Southern.
But we also, I don't know,
I guess we're just all little people.
When you get married to somebody, all of their faults
become magnified in a way because you're like, oh, I...
I think it's...
I also feel like this sounds like somebody who's justifying craziness, but
I do feel like it's because
I take marriage incredibly seriously. I have absolutely
no intention of ever getting divorced if I get married because I feel
like my parents' generation was kind of a little fast and loose
with the vows. Otherwise, we wouldn't be in the situation we're in
where everyone you know is raised by single parent families.
I also think it's a bad thing to stay in a marriage for your kids
if that's literally the only reason you're doing it, then fucking divorce
each other. Your kids will thank you later.
But I don't want to half-ass this thing.
I don't like doing things twice. I'm very lazy.
So when I get married, I want to stay married for a really
long time. And for that reason, I think it's like, I don't know,
all of a sudden you're coming home and every little
conversation has this giant weight behind it.
And wouldn't you know it, planning a wedding, as you may know,
seems to involve a couple of activities
and things. Do you have decisions? Yeah.
If there's anything wrong with the relationship, the weight will find it.
I found an out where we're going to couples therapy and I'm like, Aaron
is just doing everything with the wedding. I'm cheating.
I just feel like I'm cheating. Aaron's doing everything with the wedding.
I tell her that I'm the first groom that's ever planned 50%
of the wedding, but I'm lying too. It's maybe 15%.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't care about weddings.
I think they're dumb. I think ours will be good then.
Alright, well let's thank Tom Gray for coming up and talking to us about
I hope that you guys
I hope the next time we talk to you
maybe we'll talk to, the next time we talk to them
they'll have a little gray baby. Oh no, you're shaking your head.
They're too good. They're not going to bring a child into this
world. I'm just fixated on the
words gray baby together.
He shook his head in a way that meant to me either like
what's that? Five years. Oh, you're just going to wait five years?
Oh, okay. The way he shook his
and then he said seven. The way he shook his head made me think you guys were about to have your first
biggest fight tonight. I would be like
we'll see you have a baby anyway. Nope, and then he sat down and I was like oh man, we finally found a way
to make them like us. They're going to fight hard tonight.
Why did you shake your head so hard? Are you excited about the wedding?
I'm very excited about the wedding. Alright, cool.
That is a
good segue to
McGathey Game Corner.
I put together
a theme song for Game Corner on the drive from Austin
to Houston. So here goes.
What do we get
gameplay?
to do?
What do we get to do?
McGathey Game Corner.
Was that
a lot of that in the song? Were those farts?
Those were farts. Those were farts by our very own
Dustin Marshall, everybody.
Those were the farts
that I was trying to do in the car. I was trying to record farts into the
laptop and Dan was like oh come on, let me and took the laptop
and his farts were so gross. I feel like your feelings were a little hurt because I was like your farts
are so disgusting. What are they supposed to be?
And what were those by the way? It was like wicked game.
It didn't sound like farts.
So we're going to play a game called Who Are You Marrying?
And for this game, I did a little work
before the show. I reached out on Twitter. I wanted to
find a fellow redhead female.
So can I please bring to the stage Caroline? Caroline!
Caroline, come on down!
You want to see if I can literally tell the difference between you and
just visually?
You just want to test my face blindness? I know she's the one sitting in the chair.
Thank you Caroline. If you wouldn't mind sitting in the chair.
Thank you so much.
So Caroline and I answered the same set of questions
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to present the question
and I'll give two answers and you'll have to choose which one is
my answer. But we need someone to play against you.
And for funsies, is there any man out here
who thinks they know me pretty well?
Who could compete with Dan at knowing questions?
Yeah? Okay, I saw your hand first.
Come on down there. You just maximized the chance that this podcast recording will be used
in a future criminal trial.
Andrew everybody! Welcome Andrew!
Is there any man in the audience who thinks they know more about me than my fiancé?
All right.
Okay, so...
I didn't catch your name, what was it? Andrew. This is Andrew.
I'm the teacher. No matter what happens, you're
not calling off the wedding at this point. I say
let's be organic about this and just see.
And I'm divorced so I'm good with marriage. I don't want that anymore.
You're safe. Just in case I know more.
I'm so sorry. Oh, here we go. Got a pen.
Caroline, if you could position yourself in a
way where Dan can look at both of us a little bit.
That's a weird way to phrase that.
This is the way we're going to play.
We're going to play it.
If you answer correctly, you'll hear this.
And if you answer incorrectly, you'll hear this.
You heard these noises already? We're familiar with them. We like them. Like they're a family.
All right, here we go.
Here's the first question.
My favorite meal of all time is
A. Sun-dried tomato bagel with veggie cream cheese topped with tomatoes
or B. Buffalo mac and cheese with a crisp
beer and a side of spicy pickles or bourbon.
I'll go with the
Sun-dried bagel affair. Andrew?
I'm going to go with B. Mine was Sun-dried
bagel. Good job, Dan.
Caroline, can you grab that microphone?
Caroline, how are you doing? Hi, I'm excellent. How are you doing?
I'm doing great. What do you do, Caroline?
I am a leasing consultant in property management.
It's as interesting as it sounds.
Here we go.
Caroline and her husband were the first in line.
They came from Bat Rouge, which I always thought was a fictional place.
Really? I thought that C.S. Lewis made up of Bat Rouge.
It's funny, he did actually. It was named after the fact.
It's sort of like Hobbit Town or whatever over in New Zealand.
Bat Rouge, I guarantee.
The big easy.
I know, but Bat Rouge is sometimes referred to as the slightly smaller easy.
Here we go.
Here we go. Question number two.
My childhood best friend and I used to play a game called
A, the Dolly Parton game.
We would wear our mother's sweaters, stuff them with water balloons to make boobs,
and then we would take turns motorboating each other.
Or B, we would basically make up ongoing soap opera-like stories
and a lot of those stories focused on relationships and romantic entanglements.
And Sassy Kids Sidekicks, who are basically us.
I think it has to be B, because I know A was mine and probably Dan's as well.
Dan, which one is me?
I think you're the Dolly Parton.
That is correct. Andrew, it's not looking good for you.
I'm not doing so well.
But you have to understand that I'm playing a different game. If I get one of these wrong.
You're fucked. It's two years of suffering.
Can I get another little bit of tequila? Thank you.
Alright. I don't know if you guys feel this way on the stage,
and this is not cool of me to really talk about the lighting, but the way the
lighting is, I feel like I'm hiding in a closet with one bulb swinging back and forth.
It's mildly terrifying up here.
I don't know how you guys...
At this stage, I think it's our job to suck it up.
You are totally right. For them.
The lights being here to illuminate us so that they can see us.
No, I know. I'm less complaining about the light. I feel self-conscious because I feel kind of like weird.
You're doing a great job, Erin.
Thank you, Andrew. Jeff who?
Sorry? Jeff who?
Next question.
Dan, you get to answer this first. My mother's maiden name is
A. Hartley B. Dunkel.
You better know this.
Oh, fuck.
My mother is dead.
I get...
I mean, it doesn't even matter at this point if I get it right,
because I already revealed that I...
don't know. So it's a matter of
whether I guess right, and I don't know. That would be kind of an empty victory.
Because I could flip a coin. I think it's Dunkel.
Alright, Andrew? Yeah, I'm going to agree with Dan. It is Dunkel.
It is Dunkel.
Alright, Dan has three points. Andrew has one point. Andrew, you get to go
first in this round. Next question. When I was a kid, I was afraid that
A, my dead grandfather could see everything I could see,
so I'd close my eyes when I got out of the bathtub so he couldn't see me naked.
Or B, I was afraid that I
would be separated from my family and would wander the streets forever, or that members of my
family would be lost forever. Sometimes Mnucho was involved.
I'm going to guess B.
Alright, Dan? I think...
Oh, shit. I think that... I don't remember you
ever talking about either of these things, so I'm trying to figure out which one sounds
more like you.
I think that because you're inherently narcissistic, the answer
is the non-empathy-related one,
and the grandfather one involves thinking about other people,
so I think that it's B.
No, I was afraid that Pinkney McGathey could see through my eyes,
and so I would close my eyes when I was using the bathroom
or getting out of the bathtub or changing my clothes.
Alright, well maybe you became narcissistic later in life.
Happy from Houston and worked for NASA. Fun fact.
And who developed a little-known technology for NASA,
in which you could see through your living grandchild's eyes.
It was actually a legitimate fear.
Alright, next question. My first CD was
A, they might be Giants, Flood,
or B, Glenn Miller Orchestra,
I believe Dan is going first.
I think your first CD was
your first CD that you bought with your money?
No, just the first CD in your possession.
Ah-ha, so Glenn Miller.
Andrew? Yeah, Glenn Miller, definitely.
That is correct!
Caroline is much cooler than me!
That was her second CD. Oh, that was your second CD?
Oh, really? You're talking to the microphone. Sorry.
That was her second CD. That's interesting.
Me and the same girl that used to play the Dolly Parton game would play this game called M&M
where we would listen to the dances and pretend we got married, and then would
take our hands and put them over our mouths and pretend to make out, and then we would have a baby.
Huh! Why don't more...
Are there any gay men in the audience that are...
No? That's a little remarkable.
Because I'm wondering if... Every girl I've ever talked to,
they're developmental years, it's like this incredible...
Did you not do anything like that? I've always assumed that men, boys kind of
did similar things. I had a best friend, I had a lot...
No, guys have... We don't do that. But you guys like pee together and stuff?
We pee together and we show each other our wieners.
Yeah, you'd like that trough in elementary school, and one guy stands on the end and you try to shoot it
across and hit the guy standing over there. With your pee?
With your dick if you're blessed.
I mean, you'll hear the craziest shit. People will go, oh, summer camp,
we would do this, we would all jerk off in a bucket.
It gets a little weird, but it's all kind of penis based
and the penis is a lightsaber and we would...
But girls, they just like, oh, almost
everyone I've ever talked to in their early years, there's these
stories where they just like, oh, this is how you socialize, you go through this stage
where with another girl, you practice being
boys and girls together. Like, well, I was Fonzie.
I don't think it's every girl. I know for me it felt like...
No, I don't want anyone listening to feel weird if it didn't happen.
For me and my friend, it really felt like an extension of playing house,
which girls do like to play. We like to play a lot of house.
But with each other,
when I was a kid, when I was like
9 or 10, I think, me and my best friend
we started playing
pizza boy.
If it had an accurate title, it would have been called pillow humping.
Because the game was
he and I would pretend to be pizza delivery guys.
We would ring the doorbell of my home
and pretend that girls answered.
We would walk into a living room, which we would pretend had two
invisible girls in it, and we were delivering pizza.
And then we would make small talk, and we would sit down
each with one of these large couch pillows.
So we're 10 years old, so there's like these 70 sofa pillows that are like
as big as us. And we would put our arms around them
and practice talking to them and be like, yeah, so what's your name?
And he's doing the same thing in the same room.
We're talking to pillows. And then we would start making out with the pillows.
And then me and my friend, I know it's the same thing
except the only thing different is that men have this kind of inherent
homophobia where we don't practice on each other.
I think there's like a really specific line there, and I don't know if it's nature or nurture that
draws that line. I'm sure it's nurture because we're all human.
But it's just so funny when I really think about it.
Because when I hear that from girls, I'm like, oh, yeah, we would come over and she'd be Pinky Tuscadero, and I'd be Fonzie.
And then we'd go, oh, so you guys were just making out, but it was like a game.
But now I'm really thinking about it. Oh, yeah, me and my 10-year-old friend
humping pillows next to each other, high-fiving
like celebrating how straight and awesome we are.
Humping pillows. And then we would go climb a tree
and talk about, I actually remember...
Did you have a name? Definitely, definitely.
That was part of the whole thing. They had names like, oh, mine's Stacy and mine's Ashley.
I remember going and climbing a tree with my best friend
and I have an emotional memory,
a deep emotional bookmark of climbing
a tree with my friend after doing one of these sessions.
And sitting in the bow
of a willow tree in Milwaukee in the summer breeze
and...
That's not commentary.
Well, it's not anything. It's a random
sound. And me going
like, this is a lull in the conversation
and I go, yeah, I'm thinking about
proposing to Stacy.
And just silence from my friend.
And I remember just like, I don't think we ever did it again after that.
Because I think that's the line that got drawn between the people that
end up at Renfaires and the people that end up, you know, at Verizon.
I think that I was like, yeah,
I will, yes, what is the difference between any of this?
This is a real person. I'm going to...
It's the same. Little girls aren't socialized to not touch each other.
It doesn't make you gay, bro.
When we were doing it,
when we were play acting these things, it wasn't ever romantic. There was never a moment
where it even occurred to us, oh, girls, do
this together. This could be a sexual thing. If someone was to walk in,
it would look like it would, you know.
We also took turns. We did that. We played out this long
story about these two young women. Because we always talked about
how we wanted to go to college together and then we would have an apartment.
And so we play acted this episodic thing where we were two young, cool women
in the city and we both had boyfriends. But we had to pretend to be each other's boyfriends.
And so whenever I would be like, I want to go to...we got to name
our boyfriends. My boyfriend's name was David, I think.
Oh, no, your name's Dan. Sorry.
I had a moment where I was like, oh!
I wish I could just play frogs croaking or something
random. Dan, I played the banjo because
it felt like an outside thing. You're in the tree.
It's a random sound. It was banjo. It couldn't have been more disparate.
Will you forgive me for playing the banjo? I'll forgive you, but I won't stop shaming you.
I conditioned people. That's what I do.
I punish them when they do things wrong and then they stop.
I'm a behaviorist. I have a question. How old was the pillow humping
thing? Like, just that. Because I'm a guy, so I had something like that and I'm just...
Wait, what do you mean how old was it? I was like 10 or 11.
Same thing like 10.
I just realized I'm a little bit more normal, hopefully.
But here's the weird thing about the pillow humping. That memory, with me and
my friend, both humping pillows next to each other,
looking at each other humping pillows and being like, yeah, it feels good, right, bro?
As part of some kind of play-acting thing, like playing house
and playing the role of men who are doing it to women as pizza delivery
guys, that... I also don't... I don't think it was
as sexual... I don't think it was sexual. I think we were pre-puberty
and we were doing this thing that there was enjoyment, there was social
like, endorphins or dopamine or spiking,
but there was no arousal because I... and the reason I know that is because
a couple years later, something incredible
happened and it was very private and I wouldn't have shared it with
anybody. And I also wonder if that's nature versus nurture when
a little boy discovers
physical, groin area
pleasure, like if it's nurture or nature that the
little boy immediately goes, this is a secret.
I am Howard Hughes. I have invented something that no one else
can know about. I am dedicating the next 16 hours a day for the next
35 years to this, because I was like watching Mork and Mindy
and... hopefully just Mindy. I was just a
latchkey, hopefully, because otherwise gay bro. Right. Who wants to fuck Mork?
Fucking Nan, no, man.
I was like laying on my stomach watching Mork and Mindy, looking at
Pam Dabber, high five, and
was like moving my... slowly my pelvis is moving.
Music
But if you were looking at Mork, it would have been okay.
Nice.
That's an amazing meta moment. The guy saying too soon said
it too soon.
And I just remember like moving and moving,
watching Pam Dabber and then
the movement... there's like a chain reaction, moving, moving, moving.
I'm going to keep moving. I'm going to keep moving. Pam Dabber, keep moving, keep moving.
And then the unthinkable,
the unexperienced, the most incredible thing that had ever happened to me
in my life happening, which didn't involve at the time not to get too clinical
did not involve any liquid, because my body was
just getting to that. It was like at that point.
All it was was just this shudder and like...
The last thing on my mind was my friends.
I wanted to... like a sick cat. I wanted to go into a cave
and just do this by myself forever.
Six times a day.
My point being that that's when the real shit started.
That's basically who I am now, is that kid. The kid who was playing
pizza guy and just miming coitus
next to his best friend in the living room. It's weird. It's like
it wasn't... it was sexual pantomime, but it wasn't sexual.
So I guess guys and girls not that different.
It's just that there is that weird... I think there's a social... is it socialization though?
That makes two boys not in those moments
reach out and or use each other. Like why wouldn't
we? And do some boys do that and yeah
all kinds of questions. I guess you guys aren't the ones to ask.
We should have a child psychologist come up here maybe.
Maybe it's sort of like okay so
there's this whole theory like if you give kids less toys they're more imaginative and creative.
Right? And they like make their own toys and do their own crap.
Well guys kind of have a prop, if you will, like from early on.
We don't. So we've got to come up with more shit, right?
That's an amazing theory.
But I also think that all of us are weird because like you guys aren't
these girl stories, you're not taking off your pants.
I've been a nanny and I've worked with many
many boys who do do the same thing and act out the same stuff
and are physical with each other. With each other? With other boys?
Kissing each other? Well I mean my friend never kissed. We put our hands over
our mouths and pretended to kiss. But I've walked in on little boys acting out
like prepubescent boys just acting out these
scenarios in the same way that girls are acting them out. It's like a three year old little girl
carrying around a baby doll. She's not actually wanting to have a baby
at three years old. You walked in on little boys
and it gets specific so that this pad cast can really switch into high gear.
But also because I mean it's important distinction. What do you mean?
You've walked into them doing what? Because we're drawing a very fine line here.
I humped a pillow next to my friend but girls
I'm saying like it's a fine distinction.
When I was a nanny there was a time when I walked in on
two friends. They would be nine
years old acting out a doctor nurse scenario
which on paper would be a very
sexy thing. Like walked in on a like is this your
butt? Oh look at that. And what probably had
happened. What was the answer?
Keep searching. Is this your butt?
Yes
Yes that's my butt.
We tend to ask that question later in life too.
If a doctor asked me is this your butt I would definitely
walk out and ask for a refund. You should stop
going to a nine year old doctor. If you can't tell me
I know it's not your specialization but
In the same way that me and my friend acted out this like apartment scenario
I think they had seen like a movie where there's like a sexy nurse
doctor situation or something where they were acting it out and trying to
figure it out but it was like
it could have been a thing.
Right because you were saying one kid was naked and the other
kid was examining him? I don't remember exactly.
They were in some phase of undress. There was something happening and when I
opened the door they were definitely ashamed about what was going on but it clearly was
really innocent and they weren't trying to make their bodies feel good
or anything. That's kind of interesting isn't it? The book of Genesis and so many origin stories
like self-awareness and where it intersects with
primal childhood sexual awareness, the Freudian impulse
and all this stuff where it's all about this idea that
we were born innocent but we
have some kind of our awareness of ourselves and who we are
is simultaneous with this possibility
of punishment, the shame.
The idea that we mythologize like
we have these gods that are like parents that they do the
exact same thing. They come into a bedroom and they catch us being people
and they say and then we immediately not before
that person's eyeballs touch us but
before that we're innocent. We're playing
doctor. We're just having fun. We're following our bliss
and then it's this moment when these adult eyeballs
see us and even before the adult reacts we go
oh I'm a horrible creature. What am I doing?
This must look terrible to you. I can't explain this. This isn't
what it looks like. I think that's really fascinating because
humans are inherently infantile as primates.
We retain infantile characteristics into adulthood which is why we survived
and so we're essentially like puppies or kittens or baby chimps
like our whole lives and we have these mythologies
because we're neurotic and we have these mythologies
where we have these parents from the clouds that walk into our bedrooms and go
what are you doing? And we all tell each other at 40 years
old we go like well you know we're pieces of shit. What are you doing?
Well we should pass a law against this and of course it's all behind
us like these little kids playing doctor. It's like oh we all know
our little wieners and our little cracks or filthy
little pieces of shit like horrible things that exude toxicity
and that touching them makes us bad people in one way or another and that basically underneath
our clothes we're terrible gross slimy little organisms
that are horrible for thinking about ourselves and each other.
We all agree on that right? So now let's get down to this Senate hearing.
We've got neck ties on and we're talking about balancing budgets
and how are you going to do this and protect each other from that but it's like we're just little babies
that just want to look at each other's little no-nos.
We've got four points and Andrew has two.
Alright I believe this is...
Like this whole time the whole audience was like fuck where are they going to get back to that game?
Jesus Christ it's like the Dukes of Hazard just jumped over the ramp.
How are they going to land?
Alright that was my joke. Alright so we're going to go
from now on I'm just going to ask each of you individual questions.
I'm not going to have each of you answer the question.
So Dan this is your question. Here we go.
My ultimate dream vacation would be going on a cattle drive with my closest
friends where we heard cattle on horseback and sit around a campfire
every night and share secrets or
I would really love to just randomly explore different
countries on a whim. Maybe I'd start with Morocco.
You're the cattle drive.
Yay!
Alright.
Here we go. The applause has become
like it's just like water dripping out of a bad
shower head.
Okay. Here we go.
Next question. My favorite color is a yellow
all sunshine all of the time or B red more specifically
in orangish red like persimmon. The red the orangish red.
Yellow. That is correct Andrew.
Andrew? Andrew's correct? Yeah.
Oh whoops. So that was for me.
Yeah it is persimmon. Alright. Next question.
My least favorite mode of transportation is
a driving. I love my car but other cars scare me
or B a cruise ship. This is Dan's
question. Cruise ship.
That is correct.
Good job. Alright. Andrew
If I was reincarnated as a building
I would be A
a brown brick pottery studio with cherry wood floors and stained glass windows
or B an
amazing 100 year old observatory on a hilltop.
Well you put amazing in the second one so I would have to think
it would be the one that's amazing. Nope
Caroline is amazing.
Good job. Alright.
So here we're at
5 points and 5 points
I
loved the conversation about the kids psychology. I thought that was great.
There's 30 questions left.
I want to do one more question
about how I choose to die if I got to choose
how I died. And this is for both of you.
A bravely pilot a spaceship filled with
evil people into the sun. They celebrate
that every day, that every year, they celebrate that day
every year with festive cakes and amazing parties and all of my favorite music
Oh and I pilot that spaceship into the sun when I'm ancient and ready to go
anyway. Or B, I get drunk on Prosecco and Aperol
and fall asleep in a vat of marshmallow fluff. When I sleep
while I sleep I sink deeper into the fluff and eventually suffocate
in my sleep.
I think you want to drive evil people into the sun and
be celebrated with cake. Yeah, that's the way to go.
No, I want to get drunk and pass out.
I kind of admire the other person
but I'm glad we learn something every day. That's good.
Thank you, that was the game.
Yay!
I'm having an out of body
experience. She's leaving. Caroline everybody.
Thank you Caroline, thank you Andrew.
Alright. You guys were awesome. Let's bring Spencer to the stage!
Spencer, get up here!
Oh god!
Oh shit!
Oh fuck!
Leaping like a gazelle to the stage.
We did it! We did it!
And we're doing it! You know what I hate you guys?
I hate when I cough like this and people
bless me like I'm sneezing. It's the worst fucking thing
on the planet. I can't elaborate how much I hated.
It doesn't make sense, it's someone being thoughtful about me
and it pisses me off.
Because you're worried that because your cough is being misinterpreted as a sneeze
that maybe there's something medically wrong with you? No, worry has literally nothing to do with it.
Well what pisses you off about it? They're wrong.
I'm not sneezing. You fucking idiot.
But you strike me as a person who probably already has fundamental problems
with the whole sneezing bless you gazuntite thing because that's not logical at all.
So I'd rather no one said anything. And now when you're doing it in the wrong situation
what the fuck man?
It's not okay, it's terrible. Did that just happen
right before you came on stage? No, it happens every fucking day of my life.
There's a poetic irony there because it's like if you sneeze and someone
says bless you, what's your reaction? Do you think fuck you?
Now I have to respond? Thank you for saying something at me that I didn't ask
fuck off. It's like now I have to play a politician
and be like oh yes, that's what you're supposed to do. Good job
Ian. I once sneezed in my 20s. I sneezed
and my girlfriend's sister said
bless you. You were like never again. No, no, no.
We went about our business and then five seconds later she went, you're
welcome. And I was like wait a minute, what?
What kind of endless chain of fucking rules
are we engaged in? It's very hard for her to say bless you.
She wanted, yeah, it's like I didn't know those were one of the rules.
You know what else is weird and uncomfortable? When you check into a hotel
and you go into the bathroom to take a nice, you know, hotel dump
and you spy something on the door
that is a small stain. Now I mean I don't need a clean hotel
room, trust me. It could be as stained as possible. But this stain
was right out about waist level. Like if one was standing
up in front of the toilet facing the door, perhaps a
male. I'm saying it was semen. There was semen
on the door of my hotel room. Not in Houston. You guys are great. In Austin this
happened. But no one's ever going to
mistake your stains for Austin stains.
I may sometimes call you the Rock City, but if I'm looking
at a cum stain, I know I'm in Austin.
Yeah, I mean I don't really have anything we're going to go with that because
I just let it slide. I want to be clear on this though, because you're in your bathroom
you're saying at waist height, if you're facing the door
are you saying someone stood up from the toilet and jerked off at the door?
Yeah, to shoot onto the door. Why would anyone ever do that? Why would anyone
invite themselves over to Dustin Marshall's house as a friend
and do that to his closet door? Because that's
something that apparently people do. It's not cool, but it happens. Wait, are you saying that people
come on Dustin's door? Yeah, every day. I make a killing.
Wait, what? I charge people.
Dustin is shrugging like you're making all of this up.
Well, I am. I don't charge people to come on his closet door. Dustin,
can you come over for a second? Yes. Dustin Marshall everybody.
This involves come
and also you help us. Dustin Marshall.
Hi.
We've turned into Howard Stern now because you're like Baba Booey. I am the Baba Booey. I want to be Fred
but I'm Baba Booey. So Dustin, your friends come over and instead
of bringing a bottle of wine, they come on your closet door.
So Spencer told me this story. It was kind of amazing that first you were in a hotel room
and you switched. Yeah, because it was a non-smoking room
that smelled like cigarettes and I thought that if I stayed, they'd charge me 500 bucks.
And so you asked to go to a different room and then upon the
room you went in, you noticed just a jizz stain on the back of the door. And I should clarify, it wasn't
just a stain. It was like the desiccated crust.
All that was remaining after all fluids have evaporated
out of it, just like a cobweb. Something
you recognized has come. Oh no, I mean I had to taste it before I was
sure. That's when I knew.
Wait, so okay. Alright, so
he told me this story and I used to be in a band when I was like 15 and
all the guys in my band were a little bit older than me and we never hung out at my house. So they're like,
why don't we hang out at your house? And I was like, okay, so they came over and I was like
looking a frozen pizza upstairs. For them. For them. Because you're such a good host. I checked
my America online, I was kind of taking my time and they were all downstairs like
hanging out and then I went downstairs, they ate the pizza
and they were all like later and they all coasted. That means left.
They're left. For those of you who aren't ninja
turtles. Or
background actors in a
honeycomb commercial, they left.
Alright, they left.
Sorry, let me clarify. If you haven't recently been
rollerblading in a sunny delight commercial,
what happened is they left. They left the premises.
But they ate the pizza and then they left
and then my phone rang at my house and I answered it
and they were just all on speakerphone laughing and they were like
look in your closet. I had this weird like walking closet and then
on the back of the door, I was upstairs for maybe 15 minutes. There's three guys.
They took turns jacking off in my closet and then
ejaculating on the back of my door. So there was
visibly through all this different semen on the back of my door.
All these different semen. No, no. It was all these different
things. It wasn't like it was the top.
This is why little boys need to pretend this stuff when they're kids.
How is it the first time I'm on this show? This is what it is.
Is there more to the story? Because if you're done with that story
I need you to tell a different story. Tell us about in New York with the cops.
No, wait, come on, hold on.
The cops jizzed on his closet. Everyone just heard this story about three guys
that came over to your house and came on your door. They were my best friends and then
they were like Schrabbing me in the worst way.
They literally came into his house. They rapidly like unwocked out of the
room. You guys like Velveeta, I'll go get some slices. Don't coast.
And you left. Don't coast.
And they all must have exchanged a look like are you thinking
what I'm thinking? No. And none of them went, what?
There was not one among them that was like, guys, guys, guys.
What have we become? I feel like they must have come
to his house with the underdog. They had to have a meeting. It was pre-planned.
It was pre-planned. Go over to the commercial's house.
When you said come to his house, I thought you meant they came to the idea of Dustin's
house while they're jerking off in order to come.
Well, it was a walk-in closet. I mean, come on.
The stone, the cement.
Look at this. The island or the kitchen.
Got the through, the feng shui.
But it was non-sexual. It was just aggressive.
It was vandalism. It was vandalism in the worst way.
But at some point it had to be sexual for them. They had to come thinking about something.
Not when you think they must have been coming, thinking about was each other.
How great friends they were. Yeah, it's a little
bromophobic. I mean, at that age, you just poke your dick and it starts
spurtin'. I mean, you don't have to think about sexual things.
You're 15. And knowing is half the battle.
If you're listening,
just poke it and it'll do the rest.
I am aware of that, but I would always still, I had to think about
like Shira or, you know, Penny
from Inspector Gadget. I was her age.
So it was okay.
It was always something I was thinking about while I was
just wanting your friends are like, let's do it.
They must have had some phrase for it too. They had to have shorthand.
Let's cream pie his closet, bro.
This must have been like the seventh person they've done this to. Let's narnia dust it.
Yeah, it was specifically.
That's it. God. Let's narnia junk.
I'm done.
You guys don't know. Our entire travel is
made up of razzing me. I was going to say
Dan and I love Dan and I love making fun of Dustin.
Maybe they just were like us and they just had so much joy.
I would never come on anything that Dustin, anyone
ever owned. I would never do that as a way of asserting my
ego. I would never go, hey, I came on something. What I would
do is, you know, it came on everything in my home.
The same guy, we would hang out at his house all the time
and then he had a couch and then he had cable TV
so he could like order movies and stuff. So there was an area of his couch
that was like three feet in diameter that was just like brown and black and then
we were like, what's wrong with your carpet? He's like, oh, that's where I jerk off.
He would lean against his couch with his arm up and then he would come all over his floor
for years and it was just a diameter.
He never cleaned it up. So this is the person we're talking about.
Dude, I'm from Wisconsin. I feel like you grew up in the
one character in Grand Theft Auto 5, the guy from the
Inland Empire. Like, what's that guy? Like, yeah.
That sounds like, I mean, here's the
truth. As a teenage boy, like
I came a lot and I did
it.
I do think that teenage boys, like
I think you think that you're the only one coming that
much and I do think you license yourself to be like, well, this is my...
We do all kinds of weird stuff because nobody's telling us. There is no
class where the gym teacher says, guys, you're going to come everywhere
all the time. Use a Kleenex. What would that class be called?
Sex Ed, but it's not. It's always your gym teacher
going, hey, you're going to go through some changes. My nipples got hard.
Fuck off. Here's a film from the 60s.
It's called Little Boy, Little Man.
And it would just be like a diagram of your balls filling
up with com and you'd be like, yeah, no shit Sherlock. I know.
And then you'd go home and deal with it. I dealt with it
against the door of my bedroom. It was supposed to be like
punk rock. We're in a punk rock band, so it was supposed to be
like a punk rock thing, I guess, but they were gross.
I don't hang out with any of them anymore. I hang out with you guys. They jizzed on everyone's
closet doors. It became a huge thing for a while.
We got to the bottom. Your friends were
full of com and they felt like it was a way to express themselves.
I want to hear the New York City thing though. Which one?
With the cops. The cop in my car?
Oh, I was in New York City.
Can I just play a very appropriate music bed very low underneath the story?
She doesn't have a great record for this.
It may just be like a flight of the bumblebee.
That'd be good. Or maybe it will be great
and Dan will look at me and be like teammate?
I will. Definitely. I will be very excited.
You have to control the volume though.
Okay, so I was in New York for Harmontown and then
I kind of got dropped off and I was kind of left to my own device and I was there for like a day and a half.
And then I was like, oh man, everybody in New York is really
cool and collected and stylish and nice. Like in LA
I just hear people bitching out loud and yelling at people all the time.
And then I got an Uber and I was going to a bar
and then, wait, what is this? Breaking Bad. Oh, cool.
And then I was going to a bar and my Uber driver, I was in an
SUV and we were stuck in traffic and then he wanted to take a right turn
and there was a New York City cop just standing in the middle of it.
And my Uber driver was like, yo, he's like, this guy lives right here, can I just go?
Fuck you. The cop is. The cop starts into the windows down and he's like, this guy lives right here
and he's like, fuck you, show me your license. Show me your license. You live here and he was
in the car grabbing at me. He was like, show me your license. Show me your
license. Show me your fucking license. And then it was like, I just sat there
frozen and I was like not showing my license. And then the Uber driver
drove away and he goes, I'm so sick of this. The NYPD
whenever they're doing something crooked they just shut down the street. Whenever there's something they don't want you to see
they'll just shut down streets. That's the story I told Spencer.
I think it's an amazing story that needed to be podcast.
Okay. But, and then like next 24
hours I was hanging out with a Harmontown fan and there was a
homeless guy on the bench and he was like calling her a cunt and a whore and stuff. So I was like, oh,
okay, I got a dose of the New York City thing. You were saying
where's the cop when you need him? But yeah, yeah.
Spencer is, all right, why do you use the C word for this lovely lady?
Spencer is, you know, very active in the
awareness of police brutality. Spencer hates cops.
No, we all did. I thought I did. Spencer. I think I hate
cops less than I portray to be honest. I just, their crimes need
to be publicized. Yeah, I think that
probably you and I would both agree that there's probably, I don't know, there's a good chance
if there's 200 people in the theater, one of them might be a cop. And he's probably a good
cop by the numbers. Might be a really great guy. I might like hang out and
talk and be a human being and actually be a wonderful person. I
bet like cops by default do wonderful things all the time. Yeah, one of my best friends
is a cop.
But there, I mean, I think that the general
way in which we approach the policing of humanity
is flawed. Yeah, it could be better. And it is expressed in individual
moments through a random person who has been given either too
much or too little power in some situation and is expressing his grief
with that in a really inappropriate way. The
system is broken, definitely. I personally don't like
the idea that insurance is somehow involved in
law. I have a big problem with the incredibly intricate
weird braiding of capitalism and government. I think it's
weird that we have these papers called insurance in our glove
boxes. And if you don't have them, you're not allowed to drive and a guy with a gun
could pull you over and tap on your window and ask to see proof
that you're sponsored by a corporation to drive in case you collide
with another corporate sponsored individual. And I don't like the fact that
when we have a problem with this stuff, everyone defaults to these human
issues and says, well, have you ever been hit by a person that doesn't
have insurance? Because it really sucks. My brother's spine got all fucked up
and the other driver didn't have insurance. And it's fucked up. Like, no, that's
not proof that we need to exist in a flawed system. That's just you saying
it sucks that a system sucks. And that united
flight shit when you go, oh, yeah, everyone
overbooks their flights because they're all fucked up. And then people are tweeting at me like, oh,
all airlines overbook their flights because of no shows.
We criminalize the human population. We constantly
look at each other as the problem. How could we be the problem?
We're the fucking end and beginning of it all. We invented
systems so that we could be who we are. How could we ever be the problem? Why are we
constantly looking at each other and saying, hey, yeah, you know why they have to do
that? Because some people come on your door.
You know, it's for door comers. They have to do that. It's like
if a hotel, if we went into a hotel and there was like, you couldn't get into the
bathroom without unzipping a zipper or calling
for permission to go pee, you might as well live in it. And it's like,
oh, why do we have to do that? And they go, you know about door comers?
Spencer had somebody come on his door. No, we don't live in that.
Spencer had to go into a bathroom and he had to look at come on his bathroom door and it's like, oh,
it's something that happened to him. Anyone can
pretend, anyone can bring up some weird scenario. It's like, oh no, humans are the
criminals. Humans are the bad people. Humans are the things you need to defend against.
Are you kidding me? Systems are the things you need to defend against. Those things will fuck you
over. Those things aren't human, therefore cannot fail. They will only
get better at being systems. People are only good
at being people. They will only ever get weaker and weaker as their systems get more and
more successful. You have to guard against systems. You have to be skeptical of them.
You have to look at politicians and say, you're probably full of shit. I don't
care how much you impressed me. You're always probably full of shit.
If you represent anything, you must be full of shit. I will assume
that first and you can impress me later. And yet we don't do
that in our comment sections and all this stuff. We always blame each other.
We're always so angry at each other for being poor and being fallible
and being human. We get so mad. We go like, you know these fuck faces and fucking
assholes and we're talking about our neighbors. We're talking about each other.
It drives me nuts. It makes me want to punch you all in the face because you're all assholes.
Well, I think you're taught
to hate your neighbor. Your neighbor makes too much noise. You call the cops. Your neighbor's
tree grows over your yard. You call the cops. And by the way, the cops never show up. The tree
situation never gets rectified. But you get conditioned that that's what you're supposed to do. You're
supposed to tell on your neighbor to the teacher. You're not supposed to go work it out with them.
You're supposed to call this number. The number never fucking solves anything. It doesn't solve anything.
But that's the only thing you're supposed to do. Because if you got along with your neighbors,
like if you policed your own block and you saw cops doing
shit. That's called anarchy. That's called terrorism. That's not allowed.
That's not government. That doesn't work. If your block
had its own identity, if you were the 1700 block of Fifth Street
and nothing came between your neighbors and the outside
world, that's called fucking sovereignty. That's called
self-actualization of a community. That's what gang members get right. Because they take over
blocks and cops won't go there. Cops won't go there. We're advocating
everything that will get us arrested.
We should all just let our neighbors coast where they want to coast.
That's why this great city of Austin is so great. Houston.
Oh shit.
I have a scientific question for the three of you.
Just in time. The come on the door.
You saw the come on the door. I don't
ejaculate. You don't. I don't. And I don't know
if I would. It's not something that would stick out to me in the same way that when you learn a new
word, you hear it all the time. Do you see
come on things all the time? Or am I going to start seeing come on things?
I think we all come on things at an early age and so it's easy to
recognize when you're coming on things all the time. But I mean like at the hotel
room, are you like oh cool, come. Or like on the stage? Or like I mean it's in everywhere
and like where does it stop? Well you know the whole black light thing
like when you run a black light over a hotel room, you can spot semen and it's like
an epidemic. It's a Spencer situation. It was just there.
I'm wondering if I see it and I think it's like a plaster of Paris or something.
I think you know when you see it. I don't know.
You can mistake it for a few things like I don't know like old clear
shower gel or maybe
an overly viscous spittle. I know that I have
been in bathrooms and hotels before and been like they really should control their
come.
I think Justin said it exactly
right. Did you say it? You have
a vague memory from your little kid and you're coming 900 times a day.
That's when you're coming inappropriately.
And you come in weird places so you actually do remember
what it looks like when it sucks. Like it sucks come from 500 feet away.
But I think as you get older you come less and less
and you also come in more appropriate places.
You'd have to go to like
well now I'm going to get into a
weird. Say it. Say it. No I was going to go down a road
of like where would you see 12 year olds come. I don't know.
Through your own eyes. I don't know.
This is what happens when you bring me on stage. We're talking about 12 year old
Justin. Will you stay up here
and play D&D with us? Wow this is crazy.
This is insane.
Let me check the recorder. One second.
We need one more person to play D&D.
What's the category? Do we
pick someone randomly? This is my worst nightmare.
There are some people
I don't know. Pick someone randomly.
It's hard to pick people randomly and I feel like a weird Baptist revival.
I hate choosing
because you're not choosing other people and I don't know what criteria to use.
Spencer how would you choose if you were to choose?
I'm closing my eyes and I'm feeling the audience.
Who's behind this hand?
Oh shit it's that guy. That guy.
I'm sorry everybody. I'm really sorry.
He ripped off that bandage.
What is your name?
Nick. Nick everybody.
We're going to do a thing really quick though. Good job Nick. Everyone that had your
hand raised, raise your hand again. What's your name?
What's your deal? Nothing. Awesome. How do you know when you're finished?
Hello sir what's your name? Luis. What's the best thing about you?
I have depression and I do improv. You have depression and you do improv?
I was preparing for a different question.
I didn't mean to go around and put everybody on the spot. I just wanted to touch
everybody's soul. Just say anything.
Just do it Luis. Holy shit he really does do improv.
Hello what's your name? Jessica. Jessica anything you want to say?
I miss home. You miss home? You're from California?
What part of California? Orange County. Orange County.
This is fine. You're fine in Houston. What's your name?
I'm Seth. Hi Seth. Hi. I'm also from Milwaukee.
Oh from Milwaukee? Okay. Shorewood. You're better off in Houston.
Okay. This is easy. I'm Tim. My parents got divorced today.
Your parents got divorced today? Well broke the news. My mom broke the
news to my dad. My dad is an asshole. Oh Jesus.
Well good for your mom. But you're still pretty young.
How old are you? 23. I'm going to pay for my car because
it's under my dad's insurance and I don't want to talk to him.
How much do you have left to pay on it? It's five grand
five grand? Jesus Christ. Can't you just leave it on the street somewhere
and what's going to happen? But then you can't get another car. Alright. Tough times for
what's his name? Alright. Dad's a cheating asshole.
What's up with you? I'm Michael and I want to see if Spencer used my dice for D&D.
Oh this guy wants you to use his dice for D&D. I'll do it. Yeah.
Alright. Your name's Michael. Alright. Speaking of coming on doors.
Michael's dice. If you print Michael's dice on the right
font, that could win an Oscar as a screenplay. Michael's dice.
If Michael's terminally ill, that could be a fantastic.
Denzel Washington is the uncle that comes up with a cure.
Michael's dice. And the winner is
Toby Smith for Michael's dice. What's your name? Isaiah's.
Isaiah's. It's like just a plural of a regular name.
That's correct. Your parents are like, your dad was like, should we name him Isaiah?
And your mom's like, not important enough. He's like, how about Isaiah's?
That's exactly what happened. Alright. What's going on with you?
You got the pulpit? Well, my friend Matt couldn't
show up, so I just want to say hi to Matt. He had to go to work. I told him to skip work.
Matt, you fucking suck. He was hoping
somebody would say something like that. Where's Matt work?
He works at Kroger. Kroger? Yes. Yeah.
They sound like they're an evil corporation. They are.
They sell groceries and stuff. Oh, Kroger.
Leonard gets his groceries there on community.
But he calls it Kroger's because he's a little
he liked that Leonard food reviews.
Come on, you're a big fan of community.
Leonard likes this. Remember the Leonard food review?
I'm really proud of it. Come on. It's fantastic.
What's happening with you? I'm a
teenager and I think I'm the only teenager here for some reason.
And your conversation is very uncomfortable.
Your come conversation is very uncomfortable.
Our come conversation made this teenager uncomfortable.
Like you're not coming right now.
It's for obvious reasons and we don't feel sorry for you.
It's only uncomfortable because you're living the dream.
For the rest of us, it's just nostalgia.
No, sorry, kid.
I'm sure if you sued the show for warping your brain,
my lawyers first evidence would be everything on the Internet.
Hello. I'm Ryan.
This is a weird conversation.
Anything you want, I've just got the mic in your face.
I just want to say I really like Rick and Morty.
Me too.
Season two is coming soon.
What do you hope I didn't do wrong?
I'm really nervous I fucked up the second season.
I know I nailed the first season obviously.
I'm really worried about the second season.
I'm always worried about everything. I think it'll be great.
You guys are right. It'll be fine.
You saw one of the animatics at the convention and you liked it.
You guys will be fine. What's happening over here?
We just give me Justin Roiland's phone number.
No, you can't have Justin Roiland's phone number.
Because I would cut it on my profits.
Did someone tap me on the back?
You were comforting me.
Dan for the podcast listeners is walking through every single aisle.
Probably about 20 aisles coming in the crowd.
It's easy to do at the Alamo Draft House because they have these nice, beautiful, luxuriant aisles.
What's happening here? I'm Ryan too.
Ryan too. He's an android from the Crab Nebula.
What's on your mind? Good luck on your marriage.
I've been divorced twice.
Is there a person who's made...
We don't want to call it a mistake. You followed your heart.
Is there something that you did that we cannot do?
I like the metaphor about building the space together.
That's what you've got to do. Thinking about it as a third entity, as our couples therapist said,
you got you and you got the other person. Those are individuals.
They can be fucked up. They're whatever.
That's like a bank or a company. It's an LLC.
You invest in it.
It's a little Kroger's that you go to.
That's what we're working on. Do you have two divorces?
Do you ever think, oh man, one of those. I really fucked up.
Do you think, oh good, I'm glad both of those marriages are over?
You only have those two choices.
How old are you? 38.
What was with the first divorce where you're like, I'm going to get married again?
The first, the second marriage was the one that I thought was going to be
the real one, the inventory.
The first one was I was a little young.
The second was like, oh, I think I know what I'm doing now.
Now I'm getting married at full control.
Wait, what? A woman?
Do the two of them couple together?
Do you have any wisdom as a 38-year-old twice divorcee?
Don't get married.
I think you were about to say.
I have no wisdom.
Try again.
How long were your divorces? How long did it take to officially...
No, each divorce. My parents divorced for nine years.
Pretty quick, about six months.
I just want to recap. The guy who's been married twice
says you just got to try again.
That's his secret. It could be looked at as the secret to a happy marriage
or the secret to perpetual divorce.
It could be that just trying again is the problem.
I've been divorced seven times.
I don't know what it is.
You keep getting married.
I'm trying to quote my own show.
A couple more rows here.
I think this is working out really well.
I'm Grant. I'm talking to my buddy that I grew up with, Casey Rupp.
He specifically told me not to name drop.
We've been talking about how cool it is that Dustin's up on stage.
I want to apologize for name dropping him.
Good to see you, man.
He works at Starburns. He's an amazing guy.
He's a Harmontown feral fanatic.
Hey, Dan, I just had my one year anniversary at Starburns.
Thank you so much for allotting me a job.
Back to the community. Not in any actual philanthropic way that would benefit sick people.
Why is Casey not flown out here?
Casey's human garbage. What are you talking about?
Why is the doorman at Trump Tower not flown out for Donald Trump's birthday?
Donald's got a birthday to focus on.
What's up?
This guy, an opportunity to rethink. It seems like Spence is really good at spotting cum.
This guy used his access to the microphone to do a pretty good callback.
He just wants to warn you, Spencer.
He wants to warn the guy that gave you his dice.
If there is cum on the dice, sorry to the teenager who's apparently traumatized by allotuckup.com.
It's somehow mysteriously worked his way into a cum conversation warehouse.
We'll see. We'll find out.
Spencer's going to open the dice and we'll see what's on him. Hello.
Hi. What's on your mind?
Just being here. Did you have your hand up or am I like accosting you?
I had it up.
Is there anything pushing on your frontal lobe that you want to cum out of your mouth?
Too soon to say the word cum.
Us ladies don't do that.
We don't cum.
Is there anything that you wanted to share?
Oh gosh.
Hey, Dan, you missed two down here just so you know.
I'm coming back that way.
I got one more. I got a couple of stragglers.
I don't understand. She had her hand up and then I'll be confused about that for the next three years.
Hello.
Hello. I'm Adam.
What's going on?
I'm just sitting here.
Another one of these.
I got my arms really tired but not because I was jacking off like the teenager over there.
What in the world?
That's why people aren't as tired.
The preamble is your arms tired.
Now the microphone's in your face. That's a new condition.
How are you going to deal with that?
I don't know. See what happened was I had something planned and then I forgot what it was while I was waiting.
Nice.
Megathe, you're all right.
Sound bites are...
I'm back on board.
I'm coming back down.
We got a couple stragglers.
That was nice. I like that. I was able to ease my social anxiety.
I also like that the way this cinema is designed, I can be like Donahue.
Donahue was a talk show host.
What's happening with you?
Hi.
First of all, I don't remember what I was going to ask.
He was going to ask something and he says he has a joke in his face.
Please speak in the microphone.
I'm forgetting.
All right.
She's shriveling up into her friend's armpit.
What's on your mind?
I had two friends who really wanted to be here tonight but unlike teenagers, they couldn't come.
He had a bit.
He's been waiting 20 minutes for that.
You know what I think might have happened there?
Everyone raised their hand and cast a wide net.
You told people to keep their hands up but you didn't say why and then you just started doing stuff to them.
Don't you think it's implied that if you have your hand up, the microphone is going to be in your face
and you're going to be accountable to the public?
After the 14th person.
Don't you think if the 16th person is like, hey, how do you tell a three-legged pollock from an octopus?
Everyone's like, how?
And they're like, I forgot.
Don't you think they deserve to be booed?
Maybe.
No, not booed.
Nobody should be bullied but what are you going to do?
Hello.
Can you reveal anything about the next Ricksy Minutes episode?
The next Ricksy Minutes episode.
The format of the episode is that Justin goes in the VO booth and makes up crazy shit
and then he thinks to try to make sense around it.
What can I reveal about the next one?
Not much. They're watching TV again so there's...
I can't really reveal anything about it.
So let's enter the best part of the show.
Let's place in Dungeons & Dragons!
Now there's some...
Sorry, sweetie. What?
Nothing. I was going to do the same thing you were going to do.
We were in San Francisco and then we were in Austin and those podcasts haven't even aired yet.
So even though on one hand you guys have to actually listen to the narration,
which Spencer always luxuriously provides, the good news is, as you probably know,
we move about five feet per podcast episode.
So there's not that much catching up to do.
But yeah, just in case you're basing it on the last podcast episode you listened to, we've done two since.
That's all. That's what you're going to say, right?
Dustin, why don't you play Quark?
Well, I have the sheets. Just pass them out top to bottom style.
Okay, cool.
I think that makes him Quark.
I'd like to play Dignity, my character.
I'd love you to play Dignity.
Thank you, Spencer.
I forgot. What's your name, sir?
Nick. Nick is playing Christopher. There you go.
And Aaron, do you have music?
I do. I do have music.
Cool. Thank you.
There you go. Quark and Dignity, my betrothed.
Oh, shit.
All right.
When we last met, our heroes had found themselves in a mausoleum.
Striking out from Rosebook, the party was on the road to Farnheim, the frozen city,
to confront Admiral Darkstar once again.
Burning with passion, but devoid of directionality.
Our gang ran into a child known as Lil Baskins,
a scrappy and industrious chap who offered to guide the party through the wilderness
and lead them to Farnheim.
Quark traded his greatsword for the boy's stick,
which turned out to be a magical weapon.
Lil Baskins warned of highwaymen and took a detour through a graveyard.
Their dignity tried to get to know the boy,
who was suspiciously uncomfortable with discussing his life,
leading the gang to suspect he may be a ghost.
Confronting the boy, he revealed his ghastly past,
and after an emotional bonding experience,
decided to trust the little ghost,
even as he led them into a dank crypt.
But where were they going?
Was Lil Baskins really trustworthy?
And how would going into an underground mausoleum
get them into the Northern Highlands?
Find out next on an all-new Harmontown!
I mean, I...
One of the most frustrating things about doing this three-city tour
without it being podcasts is I really want to tweet about
how much I love Lil Baskins.
Such a great, fun character's name to say.
Lil Baskins.
It's great, right?
Yeah, so it's like this little newsy kid that we met in a town,
and it turned out he's a ghost, right?
But you guys were pretty cool with him.
Yeah.
He's a ghost, yeah.
He's going to guide us.
Yeah, and so now we're going into a mausoleum.
Yeah, okay.
That's what's happening.
You already explained it.
You're in an overstocked graveyard.
You see gray tombstones stabbing out of the sickly green grass?
Let me give you that guy's dice.
Sorry.
Yeah, I'll need that.
Look for comb.
As well as you see the sun burning through the misty gray cloud cover.
A large mausoleum stands sentry over the legions of gravestones in the yard.
It's heavy stone doors, completely ajar.
Cold darkness lies inside.
Lil Baskins.
Is this a shortcut you take to the great beyond?
Yeah, we have to go through here so we avoid all those highway men that I warned us about earlier.
We trust you, Lil Baskins.
Thanks, man.
Lil Baskins, when you were alive, did you come a lot?
No, I was, wait, what does that mean?
Oh, sorry.
What age is Lil Baskins, like, permanently?
He looks about 12.
Okay.
Sharpie, as a paladin, I'm going to ask you to keep your distance from Lil Baskins.
No, I shouldn't be talking to him about this.
No, we don't need to discuss it.
We can talk about it later.
I think you should just keep your distance.
I'll just go behind the door.
All right, so we're walking through the...
I mean, you were outside of a mausoleum.
I follow Lil Baskins.
I follow as well.
All right.
What about the rest of us?
Yeah, I'm going to follow.
Just making sure.
I'm going to, just for safety.
Everybody's walking through the door?
Yeah.
I'm going to stand outside the door and just kind of keep watch, but I'm not going to enter the room.
Nice.
Cool.
Yeah, you don't have to coast if you don't want to.
I'm going to draw my sword.
I'm just going to have my sword at us while we're walking through the...
Is that what a neutral milk hotel would do?
Is that what you do?
All right, so you enter the mausoleum.
Inside you see, amid the darkness, several statuettes, each about a foot high bordering an ornate brick pathway that leads to a large five foot sculpture of a robed female holding a wide shallow dish as if an offering.
Worst mausoleum ever.
That's supposed to just be little rooms with dead people.
I inspect the statue and see if I can read anything.
There's no inscription, but the woman looks to be maybe 20 years old.
She's a statue.
Yes.
Sorry.
I look inside the gold dish that she's holding.
There's nothing.
Also, it's not gold.
I don't know where you got that.
I thought I heard you.
I don't know.
I don't remember something.
Okay.
Little Baskins, who is this woman with this empty non-gold bowl?
I don't know.
There's no inscriptions anywhere on this mausoleum.
Well, Baskins, do you just pass through the mausoleum or do you don't know what it's for?
Well, I mean, we're using it as a passageway.
That's more important than who is buried here to me right now.
So usually you just keep walking.
You don't usually stop and look at this shit?
Well, I did.
But like I said, there's no inscriptions anywhere.
You can't really learn anything.
There's just pictures.
I don't know.
The fact that we're stopped here right now instead of just continuing moving, it's only because we have curiosity.
It's not because you wanted to stop.
Oh, well, no.
We got to close all the doors before we can proceed.
Which doors?
The doors to the outside of the mausoleum.
Oh, our hipster friend is still waiting outside.
I stroll in.
Really cool.
And then I lean against the wall and I light a cigarette.
Yeah, Quark loves cigarettes.
She knows.
Or he.
Okay.
So just clarification, I'm looking at these gained items.
Yeah.
Robot baby plus power unit.
The power unit is inside the baby.
It's powering him.
Okay.
So it's like, you know, life force, I guess.
Yeah.
Like it's batteries.
Okay.
Like it's power unit.
And the gold dish is to sort of put it in there.
It sure is.
It's not gold though.
It's.
I know.
Don't worry about it.
Some projected goldness out of this dish.
Well, maybe it should have been gold.
But I am looking at the, the woman has in this,
it's a statue of a woman and she's holding this ball.
I just, I'm curious.
I'm looking with my, I know I'm only a wizard,
but I'm kind of looking just with a layman's eye at the statue,
particularly the relationship of the dish to the woman's hands.
Like, I'm, you know, I'm obviously like looking at this like wondering is,
is this a situation where you put something in the dish and something happens?
There doesn't seem to be any kind of joints or seams.
So unless it might be magical, you know, but unless it's magical,
it doesn't seem like it moves.
How many carrots is the dish?
Oh, I was, I was thinking carrot was like a unit measurement of length or something.
Gold, it was a gold.
Can I, can I, against the wall, I'm kind of like sneaking around the room
examining for any items or, or inscriptions or anything at all that would have a clue.
There's no inscriptions.
I said that, but you do find a small key.
It's rusted and made of iron.
Put that shit in the bowl.
Drop it in the bowl.
All right, I pick it up and I drop on the bowl and I walk away and I lead against the wall
and I smoke a cigarette.
That sounds like a t-shirt they would sell at Spencer's GIFs.
Put that shit in the bowl.
All right.
You do those things and you're smoking, but nothing seems to be happening.
Little Baskins is like, we need to close the doors.
All right.
Gentlemen, I am closing the doors.
But be careful, because once the doors are closed, we'll be in pitch darkness
and you can't light any lights.
Why is that little Baskins?
Because the ghost way doesn't appreciate that sort of thing.
The ghost way?
Yes.
Way, W-A-Y or W-H-E-Y?
The ghost way, the way.
Sorry.
Is that like a...
The ghost page hates this.
Is that like a pass or like a code?
No, it's...
The ghost way, go the ghost way.
And it's more of like a path.
Okay.
A ghost take occasionally.
I mean, it's a physical path.
Can I try sense motive on little Baskins?
He seems to be caring for your well-being, is his motive.
He seems like a cool kid.
All right.
Well, I respect your culture.
And the culture of the undead, so gentlemen, let's keep our torches unlit.
And anything else you have that lights up, let's not light it.
I'm going to close these doors.
How many doors are there?
There's just the two.
Okay.
All right.
Because I can't get past the significance of this bowl,
I'm just going to sit in it while the door is closed.
You feel a rusty key under your butt.
If Dan had a dollar.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I have trap sense.
Are you going to do some street art?
I have trap sense plus two.
I just want to detect any traps in the doors or the bowl with the key in it.
You look around for traps, but you don't find anything.
Okay.
We're clear, guys.
Have you tried parkour?
Have you seen my shoes?
Of course I have.
All right.
Live show.
You want someone to gram you while the lights go out?
No, it was the whole thing.
I'm sorry.
What hashtag do you want to use for the lights going out?
Lights off, Graham.
Okay.
Hashtag, thanks, Obama.
Thanks, Obama.
So you're sitting in the bowl still?
Yeah, I am sitting in the bowl.
Cool.
Dignity closes the doors and after they close.
Why are you quacking?
What?
No, that was the doors closing.
Flap, flap.
Too close.
Two doors.
I figured out what the bowl is.
Oh, no.
Oh, God.
I didn't.
Okay.
You got to eat that mic, though, if you're going to have like passing thoughts.
Eat it.
Yeah.
Closer.
Like this.
Closer?
Yeah.
No, I almost kiss it.
Oh, yeah.
You love that mic.
I mean, not, yeah.
Whatever.
You're doing great.
You're doing great next.
It's like an ice cream cone that you can't eat.
No, I was thinking like once the doors close, maybe it lights up or something.
Maybe.
But you wish.
Yeah.
Once the doors close, we're in pitch black.
If the lights came on, why would that even be a thing as a Dungeon Master that you would
write?
Of course that's not going to happen.
This is convenience.
The doors close and a light comes on.
Oh, good.
I read a book.
You've made a book.
And can you describe a scenario where you can't eat an ice cream cone that you're holding
in your hand?
But you still need to keep it close to you.
Yeah, but you have to keep it close to your face.
You want to keep it close.
I'm using here.
I'm saying to him, like, like, don't be afraid of the mic.
Yeah.
I just want to think of it like an ice cream cone.
Of course you can't eat it.
I don't want him to lick it the whole time.
No one wants to do that.
I'm just saying, like, hold it as close as you would if it was made of ice cream.
That way you'll always have it close enough.
Okay.
Because he's a very witty, he's saying a lot of fun things.
I wasn't my question.
Are we in the game right now?
Sorry?
Are we in the game?
We're still in the game.
All right.
So the doors, the doors have closed.
Dan's sitting on a, on a key inside a bowl.
You hear the grinding stone of something moving.
Dan, you feel under your butt movement as, as you feel yourself slide perhaps laterally
to the left or some other direction.
Nice.
Does, does my low light vision work in this scenario?
No.
If you, does anyone have dark vision?
I light a torch.
No.
No, don't wait, wait.
Are you serious?
Why?
What happened?
Because the ghost way doesn't work.
You're disrespecting their culture.
The ghost way?
Why?
Are you fucking kidding me?
No, come on.
We trusted the kid.
Okay.
I, I, I hold it up and then I put it out and I lean against the wall with my leg up.
So you light the torch.
No, he never did.
No, no, I never did.
I, I go to do it.
Oh, you took it out and they give me a look and then I, I know, but I still.
I mean, is that cheating?
Cause he said that he let the torch.
No.
Well, I just thought he, I thought his second thing was after lighting the torch, I put
it out.
He didn't do anything.
All right.
If you say so.
He's not even.
He's doing great.
Everybody clap for Dustin.
Don't, don't encourage him.
I'm depressed.
That's sad.
It's good.
Applause.
Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
So, so Sharpie is, is moving to the left.
We hear a grinding noise.
Yep.
I call out, I'm sitting in the bowl and I'm moving to the left.
Yeah.
That's the doorway.
It's opening up.
All right.
I, I move, I move towards where I know the statue is and I, and I grab onto Sharpie's
foot.
All right.
You do that.
Something's touching my foot.
It's me.
Okay.
So, uh, we're just going to want to go down these stairs here.
If you want to get off of that statue.
Can we see them?
No.
You can't see anything.
You're in pitch darkness.
Do we have to hold each other?
Well, you might want to figure that out.
Yeah.
Because otherwise who knows what'll happen.
All right.
I take out, I take out my, uh, my rope, I tie it around my waist and I, and I pass it to
Sharpie.
All right.
Let's, let's pass this, uh, through the group.
Well, Baskins, are you corporeal?
Um, not very.
I mean, I can't occasionally, but no, I do have low light vision.
Yeah.
But it's not, it's, it's too dark for low light.
God damn it.
No light.
Wait.
What do you make that sound again?
What?
You made the sound again.
It was an accident.
It was a noise.
A chastise.
All right.
So are we, are we down?
Christopher, what do you, what do you, how are you feeling?
Um, trying to figure out how to get through.
I think the cloak thing would be a good idea, but climbing downstairs with a person in front
falls, everybody falls.
Right.
So I think you just described Bitcoin.
Yeah.
Or one of the problems of Bitcoin.
One of them.
One of the other ones, I don't know why I didn't say I'm kidding.
Dan Harmon collapses Bitcoin with a joke.
Um, I, well, yeah, little Baskins, uh, I think what we're going to have to have you do because
you're an audio only presence is you're going to have to keep going, uh, little Baskins,
like, like you're saying, you're going to have to keep saying something so we can follow
you.
Yeah.
Okay.
So that's what I was going to say for making it sound like I wasn't thinking it up myself.
I appreciate that.
I thought it was really clever if I would have just came up with Marco on the spot.
I'm sorry.
Jesus.
Follow me.
What?
No, I'm Marco.
Why would you follow?
Little Baskins, these are, are these, are these not standards stairs?
Uh, they're just stairs, but I feel confident that I can walk down the stairs.
In total darkness.
Yeah.
I, I, I am, uh, I walk pretty well.
I think.
All right.
Well, just charge ahead.
You walk down the stairs successfully.
Bam.
Wow.
And what are the rest of you guys do?
Well, in a meta sense, I'm getting a drink.
I'll creep down behind her like, like crouching, but I'm, I'm pretty scared of the dark.
Yeah, you are.
That happens.
You're downstairs too.
Are you guys tied together or not?
Uh, I wanted to do the rope thing.
I, I, I think the rope thing is a good idea.
Who was doing the rope thing?
Um, I, I was.
Okay.
Well, then I guess that means I followed you down the stairs.
All right.
I grabbed hold of the rope in the middle part.
Yeah.
I'm going to grab the end.
Okay.
You're down the stairs.
I have the key still clenched in my buttocks.
That will come up.
So a little Baskins is down there and he's like, Hey, just, you know, follow the sound
of my voice.
Oh, also just be aware that this path that we're on is only about 10 feet wide and there's
no railings.
And I think it's bottomless.
What you think?
Yeah.
I thought you'd, you've been down this way before.
But I usually don't fall off.
What, at what point is it bottomless?
There's an end of the stairs and it's a bottomless or, or it's an endless stairwell.
No, it goes to a, it goes to a regular path.
Does the little Baskins have any, any temperature?
Like do I, when you're close to him, do you feel cold or anything?
Uh, does he smell like spirits?
Not as far as you know.
No.
Everything that everyone has said for the last five minutes is what she said.
I just wanted to point that out.
All right.
Marco.
Polo.
How do we know this?
Everyone.
Yeah.
You feel the ground shift under your feet and give way.
Ah.
Yeah.
Ground shifting.
Dignity and Chris de Burghh failed to dive out of the way, although quark and sharpie managed
to avoid, avoid their fate.
You guys fall 30 feet down and hit the ground.
Getting 13 damage apiece.
Ugh.
Are you guys okay?
Were we still tied together?
No.
What I heard was that you're holding on.
I was holding on.
I have rope burns in my hand.
Yeah.
But are you guys okay?
Uh, I'm not sure.
Let me check my hit points.
Yeah.
I'm okay.
I'm all right.
I think we found the bottom.
Are you, uh, are you, are you, are you safe up there?
What are, what do you, what do you see?
We don't see anything.
It's pitch dark.
But, but we heard a very modern, uh, critical error of some kind.
It was a, uh, a small passing of gas.
It's kind of what that sounds like.
Are you guys coming?
Um, not sure.
Little bastion.
Where did our friends go?
Can you go down?
It's little bastions.
Wait, what's it called?
Bastions.
It's a little bastion store.
But not.
Why don't you do what you wish?
Um, okay.
Little bastions.
Can you go down there and, and investigate for us?
They fell down a pit.
I mean, I can see.
Fine.
Yeah.
What do you see down there?
Oh, they didn't fall off that pit.
This is a, this is a different pit.
This is a much better pit to fall down.
So it's not bottomless.
It's like a small pit.
No.
This one definitely is about 30 feet deep.
It looks like.
Okay.
Well, is the rope still down there?
Can we just pull them up?
Yeah.
They're tied to a rope.
Or, or, or, uh, you operating on the assumption that they're just holding the rope.
Right.
I tied it around my arm.
You can still have the rope.
Do you have the rope down there?
Yeah.
I have the rope.
Okay.
We're going to pull up the rope.
I have a 12 strength.
So it should be no problem.
But what, what's down in the hole?
Like do we want to proceed down?
What's down in the hole, you guys?
I, uh, I, I feel around.
You feel small, uh, smooth walls and nothing else.
Is this pit what lay ahead of us as if the path that we were on suddenly had a pit in
it and we just didn't fall in and they did.
No.
It was a pit trap at where in the floor gives way and becomes a pit.
All right.
Let's get the, get the other one.
Go ahead and pull me out of the golden hole, made a gold.
You do that.
You're pulled out.
We're pulling you up.
You're, you're, you're successfully pulled out.
That's what she said.
Oh, Lil Baskin's like, I forgot.
There's traps around here.
I don't set them off.
Okay.
You're doing great.
You're, um, a ghost baby that can see you're leaving four people that can't see.
Yeah.
And you're being very flippant and vague about everything.
Um, I said, I forgot.
I mean, when you're a ghost, you don't set off traps.
If I have a trap sense, can I do it in the dark?
You can try, but it'll be worse.
Um, so we've moved past the hole in the floor, right?
No.
You're on the one side of the hole.
Okay.
So we need to get across this, but it's in pitch dark.
So can we throw, we tie the rope to something and throw it across and then just, I guess,
climb across.
You could do all sorts of things.
Lil Baskin's, can you float?
Yeah.
Can you carry a rope?
No.
Uh, we need to, yeah, well, Lil Baskin's, can you describe, we want you to understand
that as non ghost babies, we cannot see anything.
I know.
So we need to anchor this rope so we can get across.
Can you tell us, be our eyes for us, tell us, are there structures over there to which
we can anchor this rope?
If we could hit it with a, with a grapple or some, there aren't, uh, it's only eight
feet wide.
You could probably jump it.
All right.
I, I, uh, I still have the rope tied to my waist.
I, uh, I, I rev up.
I run towards the hole.
This is a terrible.
I try to jump over the hole.
Terrible idea.
You've fallen the hole.
Let's see.
You start, you start to go down and you guys notice the rope, it's, you know, doing that
thing that rope does when someone's falling down something.
Yeah.
It goes tout and starts pulling.
I, I, I, yeah, I pull it and we, all right.
You pull her to safety.
Okay.
All right.
Let's, let's, let's communicate.
Okay.
Funny thing.
Um, I've been looking at this sheet.
Would goggles at night work?
Yeah.
All right.
Thank you everybody for coming to Harmon's house.
What?
Oh, thank you so much to Nick, Justin Marshall, our producer, Spencer, Clinton, and Dan Harmon.
Thank you so much everybody.
And thank you Caroline and Tom Gray.
Thank you.
Yes.
Uh, we'll be out there, I'll, I'll be out there at any rate if, uh, yeah, for pictures.